lang: en

RB501.n: Shard of an Executioner's Axe
RB501.d: A small rusted piece of an executioner's axe. Significantly decreases the charge up time of the charged attack. 
RB501.l: The masked and hooded man glowered at the scene before him. "What is the meaning of this Your Eminence?\nThe pompous robed man pointed at a white and brown dog held tightly by a tired aide. "This wretched thing bit me!" he scoffed. "Do your duty executioner, off with its head!"\nThe executioner frowned, and looked at the animal. It looked up at him innocently, by no means a vicious or rabid looking dog. Far kinder than a fat, arrogant bishop. He wondered if the accusation was even true.\nWhat if the other accusations weren't true?\nHe heard the Legionaries' grip tighten upon his weapon behind him, a non too subtle warning.\nThe executioner raised his axe, the dog whimpered, as if it knew what was happening. The weapon fell in a flash of steel, and chopped deep into the scaffolding.\n"I have taken the lives of countless guilty," the executioner's voice grated ominously. "I will not take the life of a single innocent. Man, or beast."  The bishop stared at him in shock, and then made a small gesture.\nThe executioner brought his bloodstained weapon back up, but it was too late. The world flew by him in slow motion. The last thing he saw were the shattered fragments of his axe tumbling past him. They seemed so serene, so beautiful. And the world went black. 

RB502.n: Hateful Eye
RB502.d: Ominous blue glaring bead, said to be from a strange and wrathful creature, always searching for blood. Adds a small stacking damage bonus for each enemy you kill. Taking damage consumes the stacks and amplifies the harm based on the charges.
RB502.l: Once there was a strange creature that didn't belong in the world. It slid about the streets near the water, unwanted, and disliked. Those who saw it were frightened by it's unusual appearance, and they threw garbage at it and kicked at its head. It hid away in gutters, forlorn, eating whatever scraps of food it could find.\nWhen the children found it, they thought it was sad and beautiful. It had such shining scales and it looked so sad, and so they took it away to a hidden place and began to care for it. They fed it, and played with it, and it grew healthier and strong. They knew their parents would likely disapprove and went in secret to their special friend.\nGradually the creature grew larger and larger, and it became harder to hide from prying eyes. Its appearance changed to become more monstrous, but the children still loved it, and did their best to feed and protect it.\nOne day the children did not return home, and their concerned parents searched high and low for them. They stumbled across the lair of the creature, now huge and terrible.\nThe serpent hated them, for they had spurned her, and struck her. Now she was huge and terrible, and still hungry. She devoured the townsfolk, who fled in terror.\nOne man however, vied with the creature, a poor fisherman holding only a harpoon.\n"In the name of the High Wills," he shouted "I banish this monster! Leave and never return or I shall smite you!" The beast swayed and looked down at him, and all was sure he would be swallowed up.\nThe beast lunged, the man's arm struck out, and the harpoon struck true. It reared back, crimson gushing from its wounded eye. It screamed and howled, and they covered their ears.\n"In the name of the High Wills...begone!" the man held the harpoon aloft, the dripping orb stuck to its barbed point.\nThe beast cursed them, and spat at him. It slunk into the sea, leaving only stained water, and was never seen near that place again. The people rejoiced, and their grief was forgotten, and they laid their cloaks at his feet and washed the blood from his feet, and called him their lord. 

RB503.n: Socorro's Ribbon
RB503.d: Bloody length of soft cord used to bind the holy Lady Soccoro. It gives off a soothing warmth still. Completely negates the first instance of damage taken but will no longer work until resting at a Prie Dieu.
RB503.l: "Father, why is it that so many must suffer like this?"\n"Because dear child," his voice rasping from pain still, "It is what makes us holy. To cleanse our souls our bodies must feel pain. Not only does blood flow from it, but also our sins..."\nThat is what was preached to them, she thought, as she gingerly cleaned the deep, bloody furrows in his oft scarred back. He suppressed another cry of pain from the touch. All around her in this plain wooden room were dozens of other grieving, pained people, crying out for help, for healing, and for forgiveness. She had seen it too much.\n"Father, I wish I could take away the pain of others," she insisted. "All I see every day are people crying, begging for help and I can do nothing to truly help them. I do not suffer, I feel no pain! I would gladly feel some for them, so those who suffer their whole lives can feel some respite!"\n"No, no, my daughter," he said, turning to her, "Be careful, such thoughts are dangerous!"\nBut as he turned, he began to feel different. His back no longer pained him. Blood welled upon her shoulders, and when he turned her around, her dress was stained with blossoms of crimson, as if she had been brutally whipped. He cried in new grief, and confusion, even though deep down he knew what was happening.\nThe strange cry brought others over to see what the matter was, and they felt wonder and amazement. For their pain left them, their wounds closed, and at the same time blossomed in new ruin across the young, untouched girls' body like new crimson flowers in the springtime. They rejoiced, and prostrated before her, such a miraculous sight, of the girl who took the pain of others unto herself.\nThey chanted psalms and praises, they carried her like an idol from their midst, drowning out the protests of the grieving father. She turned towards him one last time, and then shed one, single tear.\nHer wounds and torment grew ever greater from then on, countless came to see her for relief, and so much pain she took upon herself that she was eternally wracked with such agony that she could only spasm and cry as countless invisible afflictions were wrought upon her aching body.\nThus, was she considered amongst the holiest of the holy, for this great blessing.

RB504.n: RB504_name
RB504.d: RB504_description
RB504.l: RB504_lore

RB551.n: Reliquary of Writhing Thorns
RB551.d: It retains in its bosom the mark of a fulfilled penance. It pierces the heart of its wearer with the scars of twisting pain, causing enemies to take damage upon striking you.
RB551.l: To obtain forgiveness for the sin committed, the repentant must roll their body in a bed of thorns to combat the inherent drive to sin. Only the pain of those lacerations can open up the pores of one’s flesh and allow their blood to leak out, taking the inherent sin with it.

HE501.n: Piercing Heart of Exalted Pain
HE501.d: Sword core, sharp to the touch. Can be inserted into Mea Culpa. This thorny briar seeks to bury itself into human flesh, increasing the wielder's pain tolerance at the cost of constant agony. Gives the Penitent One natural health regeneration, but cuts his total health in half.
HE501.l: "The Church thinks their garden is beautiful, they think it's divine. They know nothing. My garden is beautiful, my garden is divine. My garden is shaped by the hands of the Miracle, and I am the one who planted the seeds. The thick twisting vines and sharp dry thorns born from the branches of trees, the petals of flowers, and the seeds of fruit could never come about anywhere but here, in my beautiful garden. \n\nThe Church is jealous of me. They say my garden is cursed, and that the Miracle has punished me for my pride. They do not realize that this is a gift, a gift from the Miracle. How can they not see it? They will burn it. I know they will. The Church is jealous and my beautiful garden will burn. And I will burn with it. Let the thorns puncture my skin, and drink of my blood. Let them drive through my flesh, and feed off my strength. And let them pierce my heart, so I may join them." \n\nDeogracias put the old note down on the ground in the center of the bushy mess of thorns and vines, untouched by any flame. He approached the corpse of the gardener, long consumed by a thick briar, and plucked a single thorn from its vines...

QI502.n: Helmet Covered in Blood
QI502.d: A pointed helmet, worn by the penitents of the Brotherhood of the Silent Sorrow. Identical to all others like it, but still the relic sticks out in the world, like it doesn’t belong where it is. Passively increases the health and fervor gained from picking up your guilt fragment.
QI502.l: The Eldest Brother sits in his chamber, bleeding from the wound on his side. He grabs a pouch of sand and soaks it in his blood, before placing it in the room and painfully standing up. He has broken his oath, soon the Miracle will punish him. He hears the sound of death outside his chambers, as his brothers are slaughtered endlessly by the soldiers of the Anointed Legion. He wishes he could help them, he so badly wants to stop this madness. But he knows the wishes of the Miracle, they have to die. \n\nHe has to die. \n\nWith a pained step, the Eldest Brother removes his helmet, caked in the blood of his fallen brethren, and sets it down. He slowly steps out onto the battlefield. All around him people are falling silently. In the sea of carnage and death there is not a single scream to be heard, only the sound of weapons, thunder, and bodies hitting the floor. The Eldest Brother looks up at the Father who watches the massacre below, and with a final nod, lets himself be taken by the Miracle… \n\nDeogracias slowly enters the ruins of the Brotherhood, careful not to attract the warden's attention. He enters the chamber of the eldest brother and picks up his bloodied helmet. With a sigh, he turns, locking the chamber behind him.

PE_LD01.n: Penitence of the Relentless Thorns
PE_LD01.d: -The thorns on your sword assail you at all times. Your HP steadily drains as long as you have control over the Penitent One.\n-The thorns yearn for blood and bile. Attacking enemies will restore a small amount of HP proportional to the amount of damage you deal, and bile flasks reverse the drain's effect for a short time.\n-Your exposure to the thorns has hardened your skin. The amount of contact damage you receive is heavily reduced, and enemies that hit you will receive some damage in return. 
